TODO

[High Priority]
SK - Consider Blackthorn Bite ( Lifetap and mana ) and Bond of the blackthourn ( hp over tiem tap )
SK - Figure out how to add Challenge of Power ( need spell slots) or swap out other hate sepll ?
SK - Add Amplify Death and Shambling minion Pet
SK - Dark bargin, figure out how to drop the illusion part. Block it ?
SK - ADD Soul Carapace ability
SK - Change Dread Gaze spell to vilify, gem3 to Terror of Vergalid
SK - ADD touch of the wailing Three when we have gem slots
SK - Add 	Remorseless Demeanor  when we have spell slots
SK - COnsider Last Breath FD... maybe Combine with Deathpeace AA and save a spell slot?
Working ? - Shaman - Add Ancestral Guard ALT
working ? - Shaman - Add Union of Spirits ALT
Working ? - Shaman - Add Ancestral Aid ALT
BARD - Consider using 72/73 song inplace of errik's if we are at haste cap ?
BARD - Add Prechecks to level for mez and charm
BARD - Get Selo's Accelerating Canto from Lxa...
Bard - Consider adding Veshma's Lively Crescendo ( self Heal song good ) to spell gems if room
Bard - Add Hymn of the Last Stand ALT
Bard - Add Song of Stone ALT
Bard - Add Funeral Dirge ALT
Bard - Add Shield of Notes ALT
Bard - Add Dance of Blades ALT
Bard - Add Cacophont ALT
Bard - Consider storm blade ?
Bard - Consider thousand blades ?
Bard - Add Disable reachging Notes when fighting / enable when moving.
Cleric - Figure out Promised Renewal
Cleric - Consdier Elushar's Mark ( group symbol vs tenacity) & Ward of the Dauntless  * other hp buff
Cleric - Add Elixir of Redemption (Group HOT)
Cleric - Add Bestow Divine aura ALT
Cleric - Add Silent Casting ALT
Cleric - Add Sancuary ALT
Cleric - Add RC and Purify ALT
Cleric - Add Divine Retribution ALT
Cleric - Add Ward of Purity ALT
Cleric - Add Divine Avatar ALT
Cleric - Add Celestial Hammer ALT
Cleric = Add Turn Undead ALT
Cleric - Add Celestial Regeneration ALT
wiz - Add Shield of the Crystalwing ? Sticking issue ?
Wiz - Add Concussive Blast same timer as concussion ?
Wiz - Consider adding Wildmagic strike
Wiz - Add Patient Harvest  will it stack with other harvest ?
Wiz - Add Tendrilmist Guard selp rune
Wiz - Consider adding Ethantis's Burning Blade Pet
Wiz - Add Abscond (self/target)ALT
Wiz - Add Slient Casting ALT
Wiz - Add Strong Root ALT
Wiz - Add Ward of Destruction ALT
Wiz - Add Manaburn for Nameds, etc
Wiz - Add Acromancy Alt
Wiz - Add Cryomancy Alt
Wiz - Add Pyromancy Alt
Wiz - Add Mind Crash Alt
Wiz - Add Improved Familiar ALT with kill pet ( 2 buff slots )
Wiz - Add Frenzied Devastation ALT
Monk - Adjust mq2melee mend settings
Mink - Add Impenetrable Discipline
Monk - Add Second Wind  regen endurance
Monk - Add Echo of Misdirection Mez if out of combat for multi pulls
Monk - Add Clawstriker's Flurry
Monk - Add 	Scaledfist Discipline
Monk - Add Moment of Calm ( heals endurance)
Monk - Add Dragon Force (push)
Monk - Add Silent Strikes
Monk - Add Grappling Strike ( pull)
Monk - Add Imitate Death
Monk - Add Destructive Force
Monk - Add Focused Destructive Force
Monk - Add Purify Body ATL
SK - Add Death Peace ATL
SK - Add hate step ( what is this for)
SK - Add harmshield ALT
SK - Add Encroching Darkness ALT ( snare with no hate or dmange ?)
SK - Add Companions Fortification
SK - Add Pet
SK - Add Voice of Thule ALT
Shaman - Add Second Life
Shaman - Add Malis if other malo resisted.
Shaman - Consider Wishka's Favor Clicky resists & Fulkitcher Weave block spell clicky
Shaman - Get Spirit of Tala'Tak for lcea...
shaman - add Specter of Renewal group hot
Shaman - Replace Canni Spell
Shaman - What the Hell is Feralize for ???
Shamna - Consider adding Lassitude
Shaman - SETUP MELEE not with group Panther




All - Consider adding non group buff equivlents. Will need to Precheck...
SK - Add AC / Atk Taps when we have the spell gems.
wiz - Setup stun cast on CH's etc.. Think this is done. Maybe add check for Complete heals / gate
clr - Add atone? 	mobs.PctAggro > 1, /echo ${ADMobCount}, ${Me.PctAggro}, ${XTarget[#].PctAggro}
Clr - Fine Tune Healing / Possibly cordinate with Stocism
Wiz - Add Concussion 
Cleric - Buy Pearls for death pact ?
Shaman - Consider heals for Stationary crew aka Cleric, Wizard, Shaman 
		 Could cordinate with cleric hot and remove certain classes from the list. Currently Shaman is OOM so not till later.
Cleric - Consider awestruck Stun+dmg over sound of zeal just stun		 
Cleric - Consider Vow of Valor, any use ?		 
CLERIC - Consider Ward of Reprisal as a heal or when have aggro ?		 
CLERIC - Consider adding 	Consecrate Ground and other undead spells , check for undead status before use.		 
Cleric - Add Cleric aa Abilities
Cleric - Consider Unflinching Hammer of Zeal ( Pet)
Cleric - Consider Mark of the Martyr (reverse DS) /Blood of the Martyr (reverse DS with infect to other mobs. CAREFULL with Acause lots of aggro, Possibly on NPC)
Cleric - Consider Mark of Kings
Cleric - Consider Word of Replenishment
Cleric - Consider Ward of Retribution Duration sucks would be ok for solo
Cleric - COnsider Antidote
Cleric - Add Hammer of Damnation
Cleric - Consider Etheral Remedy 
Cleric - Consider word of redemption
Cleric - Add Divine Intervention
Cleric - Get Emeralds for DI
Shaman - Add Lingering Sloth if we have the buff slots.
Shamna - Add Pure Spirt (cancel detrimental)
Bard - Consider sining Arcane Aria during combat ( dd increase )
Bard - Consider adding charm back with level pre cond.  Note uses mana so will have to turn off boastfull Bellow


bard - Add puretone disc
Shaman - Add Virulent paralysis ( push back root for when getting attacked by adds.)
Shaman - Add Radiant Cure
Shaman - Add Dampen Resistance for mobs higher level to lower resistance. AA
Shaman - Add Rabid Bear AA and Setup Melee
Shaman - Add Call of the Ancients Healing Totem ALT
Shaman - Add Spirit Call ALT
Bard - Add Fading Memories if Group is dying event




[Medium Priority]
Shaman - Add Companion Fortification ALT
Shaman - Consider Spiritual Channeling ALT
Bard - Add Disease / Poison cure Aria of Asceticism
Bard - Add Curse Cure (Aura of innocence)
Bard - Add Bard stun Bombastic Below ? 5 min recast
Bard - Add AoE slow / Snare ?
Bard - Add Song of Dawn ( aggro reducer)
Bard - Add amplificaton?  Depends on songs singing...
Bard - Add pacify for pulliung assistance ?
Cleric - Determine is Eradicate Curse (fast) is needed more that cure greater curse (slow)
SK - Add Leechtouch aa Working?
Add Foodspells / Autofeed
Cleric - Consider Word of Restoration
Cleric - Consider Eradicate Disease
Cleric - Consider adding Elixir of Divinity Group Hots when the time comes.
Cleric - Consider adding Desperate Renewal heal ( cures p/d/c as well) slow recast
Cleric - Add mark of the blameless (reverse DS)
bard - Consider adding in 	Verse of Vesagran  mitage and stat increase.

[Very Low Priority]
All - Get / Add breath weapon ( not worth the effort )
Bard - add Song od suss for downtime food. ( not enought free gems)
Cleric - Add wake of tranquility AOE pacify
Cleric - Add undead nukes. / epitath of life dot
Cleric - Add AoE stun ?
Cleric - Add Annul Magic ?
Cleric - Consider Mark of Kings ( revers ds heal on mob)
Cleric - Consider longer lasting aegis for AC ?
Cleric - Enforced Reveverience Stun ?
Cleric - Consider adding Puratus to block incomming poison spell
Sham - Consider Avatar needs emeralds
Cleric - Balikor's Mark  Group Symbol
Sham - Add Group Hot when spell slots enought
wiz - consider adding Trap rune again.. 


[*Info*]
Modbot INI
Radius = the max the toon will "See" thiings
ACLeash = the max a toon will engage things

/alt on [1-100]

Drunken Master Modbot (drinking skill increase) https://www.macroquest2.com/phpBB3/viewtopic.php?p=175710#p175710

